Release 193.0.0 (#4643)
MetaMask/core: packages/phishing-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [12.0.1]

> ### Added
> 
> - Add use hostname to check against allowlist ([#4645](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4645))

Author: ```suggestion
### Added

- Add `getHostnameFromUrl` utility function to standardize hostname extraction from URLs ([#4645](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4645))

### Fixed

- Update `test`, `isBlockedRequest`, and `bypass` methods to use the hostname for allowlist checks instead of the full origin ([#4645](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4645))
  - The previous approach of using the full origin had limitations in dealing with subdomains or variations in the URL structure, which could lead to inconsistent results or false negatives.
```

## [Unreleased]

## [12.0.1]

> ### Added
> 
> - Add `getHostnameFromUrl` utility function to standardize hostname extraction from URLs ([#4645](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4645))
> 
> ### Fixed

Author: Missed this entry. Leaving it here so we can backport it into the changelog in a future commit. @MetaMask/product-safety 

```suggestion
### Added

- Add `getHostnameFromUrl` utility function to standardize hostname extraction from URLs ([#4645](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4645))

### Changed

- Bump `@metamask/base-controller` from `^6.0.3` to `^7.0.0` ([#4643](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/4643))

### Fixed
```
